all right what's good YouTube and she
girl who this one twirl coming that shot
with my one month one month again of
course everybody everybody subscribe to
we all started at the same tiny all on
like a 4/5 six months I just saw that my
one month again sticking with it I know
a lot of y'all was like oh we're just up
theta
I'm sending sleep my bed on that but um
not really the only thing that changed
is shrinkage of course my hair shrunk
and I got a couple buds on my shoulders
off too but let me tell y'all before I
show you on my hair my products that
I've been using of course I actually
conditioned my hair wash the conditioned
my hair and no twist came out whatsoever
none of them untangled or nothing so for
y'all who want to condition your hair
and go ahead and do it I suggest y'all
to just go ahead and conditioning out
here I know a lot of people's day always
slows down the locking process but I
really think so because when I
conditioned my hair and my hair was
actually thinking me my hair was dry
and I needed to condition it but if
you're wondering this is why my products
I went back to using my arm dr.
Miracle's go oil
I just took this for my friend actually
I didn't even use artist I just took
this to my friend cuz my skeleton like
crazy and this is the first time I ever
used this product
with beauty and I've been using still my
glad you making cats it robot okay we
will get that if you enjoy lots of deep
thick and still
this sticking with me um mean I can't
wait to see you know my life look like
in the future I'm really anxious to see
that but um I mean se to comment rate
subscribe shout out to all y'all again
for sticking with me and make me strong
again through this journey shout out to
all y'all who loggers to that I know
it's rough but alright hitch up back
with my second month next month November
17th I hit y'all right on my right